= Welcome to Lahaina - Rob's blog rewritten for Rails

The purpose of this project is to rewrite my blog engine (http://blog.wekeroad.com) using Rails. Why did I write my own blog? Because I believe every developer needs to keep in practice - outside of work - doing something they care about and enjoy. Your blog is your calling card - it says a lot about who you are, and it's always there to let you try new things.

Rails isn't new to me, but it's also not "old hat". I'm primarily a Microsoft developer but I very much want to bring up my working knowledge on the other stacks out there so I can be as versatile as possible.

== You're Coming With Me

I've recorded every "session" of developing this blog into little chunks, which I will be publishing on Github. Development of this application includes the use of:

* MongoDB with mongomapper
* Cucumber for BDD testing
* Pickle, for spicing up Cucumber
* Setting up Rails in a Windows environment using Aptana's (free) RadRails
* Development on a Mac using TextMate, infusing as many of TextMate's commands as possible
* Deployment with Capistrano to my server (Ubuntu 9.10)
* Discussion of deployment to Heroku
* Lean-focused (in a n00by way) development using Kanban board from AgileZen.com (note: this isn't the focus of this screencast)
* Switching mid-stream from SQLite to MongoDb and all that it entails...

This project was a lot of fun - I really had a good time doing it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Rob Conery. See LICENSE for details.